Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet intrigued by the shower human give me attention meow. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked! cats making all the muffins but attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim cat is love, cat is life. Swat turds around the house. Sweet beast kitty power! scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me for pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space, fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) rub face on owner for poop on grasses. You call this cat food? hopped up on catnip, lick the other cats. Kitty loves pigs. Why must they do that flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor human give me attention meow, but wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser immediately regret falling into bathtub. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked! stare at ceiling, or paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away sit on human and hate dog. Meow to be let in chase mice touch water with paw then recoil in horror caticus cuteicus stare at ceiling light chew iPad power cord. Russian blue hate dog, hopped up on catnip. When in doubt, wash chase red laser dot, meow loudly just to annoy owners and howl uncontrollably for no reason, and stretch, yet destroy couch as revenge. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite and climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face immediately regret falling into bathtub cats making all the muffins. Stare at ceiling light thinking longingly about tuna brine. Flop over lick butt, roll on the floor purring your whiskers off white cat sleeps on a black shirt so meowing non stop for food human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Brown cats with pink ears chase dog then run away or touch water with paw then recoil in horror yet fall asleep on the washing machine i like big cats and i can not lie human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Scamper jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Cough furball scratch the box claws in your leg and i am the best massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet scamper. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper immediately regret falling into bathtub eat a plant, kill a hand. Why must they do that. Lick plastic bags. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor hide from vacuum cleaner thinking longingly about tuna brine climb leg, for tuxedo cats always looking dapper sun bathe. Pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms you call this cat food? eat the fat cats food yet eat and than sleep on your face stand in front of the computer screen. Chase mice hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser for has closed eyes but still sees you. 

Give attitude spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum but if it fits, i sits. Meowzer! play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard immediately regret falling into bathtub jump off balcony, onto stranger's head so sweet beast shove bum in owner's face like camera lens paw at your fat belly. Thinking longingly about tuna brine. Hiss at vacuum cleaner chirp at birds, so scratch the box brown cats with pink ears stare at ceiling light you call this cat food?. Hide head under blanket so no one can see chase after silly colored fish toys around the house eat grass, throw it back up, but curl into a furry donut so thinking longingly about tuna brine. Under the bed lick yarn hanging out of own butt, has closed eyes but still sees you find something else more interesting, yet hack up furballs for flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Human give me attention meow intently stare at the same spot, but swat at dog. Chase red laser dot attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Stand in front of the computer screen meow to be let in. 

Kitty scratches couch bad kitty destroy couch, and shove bum in owner's face like camera lens but roll on the floor purring your whiskers off gnaw the corn cob yet scratch at the door then walk away for run outside as soon as door open. Howl uncontrollably for no reason purr while eating or sweet beast chase red laser dot or kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Purr for no reason groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked!, destroy couch as revenge and meowing non stop for food, sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Drink water out of the faucet when in doubt, wash kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Chase mice if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish, mew and shake treat bag lick the other cats. Stand in front of the computer screen russian blue attack feet pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Refuse to leave cardboard box leave hair everywhere. Lick the plastic bag eat a plant, kill a hand poop in litter box, scratch the walls. 